Diane Arbus once said,
"A photograph is a secret about a secret.
"The more it tells you the less you know."
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
Spencer! Spencer Reid!
Dude, dude, dude.
Look at you. You look just the same.
Look at you, dude, nothing changed.
Spencer was the only 12-year-old
in our graduating class. Just the same.
Thanks.
This is Special Agent Jason Gideon.
This is Parker Dunley.
We went to high school together,
as you can probably gather.
-Hi. How are you?
-Hey.
-It's a beautiful gallery.
-Oh, thank you, thank you.
Jason's a big contemporary art enthusiast.
Well, we're exhibiting four
up-and-coming artists in this show.
Everything's for sale.
And I could definitely swing
a nice discount for a friend of...
Lila! Hey. Guys, come on.
-Do I look 12-years-old to you
Spencer, you ever meet a real movie star?
Movie star? Please.
She has a supporting role
on a television series
about beach volleyball.
Totally blue-collar.
-I'm Lila.
-Hi, I'm Dr Spencer Reid.
You... I'm Spencer.
You don't have to call me doctor.
I won't.
Excuse me. Hey, you.
I told you no photos in the gallery.
All right? Out!
And who are you?
I'm Jason Gideon. I'm a friend of Reid's.
Have you seen my work?
-No.
-Follow me.
-Thanks.
-No, thanks.
So, you're not from around here, are you?
Me? No, no.
I'm... We're running a training service
about profiling for the
Los Angeles Police Department.
Profiling?
Yeah, I'm with the
Behavioral Analysis Unit of the FBI.
We psychoanalyze crime scenes
in order to gain a better understanding
of the criminal
who might have committed the crime.
Psychoanalyze, huh?
-Are you doing that to me right now No.
I'm not psychoanalyzing you. I'm just...
I'm kidding.
One of my earliest works. Totally boring.
I don't think so. _
I mean, nothing's Just a picture.
If viewed correctly, whatever that means,
one can see world-views, obsessions,
manifestations of the subconscious.
IfI weren't a lesbian,
I'd jump your bones.
I've always had this thing
for middle-aged men.
And you have these piercing,
discerning eyes
which remind me of my father
who was a shrink.
And I'm like, "God, I am so hot!"
Pinky, some guy fromARTnews wants to talk to you.
Don't go away.
-Does it make you feel anything
I can't tell you how to feel.
-Right now I feel pretty good.
-We're leaving.
-We're still looking at the exhibit.
-Now.
-Now. Now.
-So, yeah, I guess we're leaving. So...
-Reid, now.
-It was nice to meet you.
-On the way. Bye.
-You, too, Spencer.
Sorry. Excuse me.
Today, we thought we'd focus
on what is probably the most important
component of profiling...
L.A.P.D. PROFILING CONFERENCE
...or, for that matter, any
investigative technique, victimology.
The word victim
stems from the Latin word, victima,
which means sacrifice.
No, I can't go to the gym.
I'm waiting for my shooting script.
I think it just came.
Yeah, okay.
I'll see you at the gym, babe. Bye.
Victims of violent crimes
are brutallzed by a subject
who takes it upon him or herself
to decide life or death
over a fellow human being.
Hi.
Are you going to give it to me?
There are around 16 million people
in the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
Every time a person is killed,
robbed or raped,
the most important question
you will ask yourself is why.
Why did your UnSub
choose this victim at this time?
Was there anything done
which provoked the criminal to act
or was the target available or weak?
A casualty of circumstance?
Natalie?
Natalie.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God! No!
Natalie! No! Natalie! Oh, my God!
No!
You know, we really can get ourselves
to the airport.
I didn't invite the FBI here to let them
make their own way around town.
We really appreciate it.
Hey, I can't thank you guys enough
for conducting the seminar.
Well, don't hesitate to call
if there's anything we can help with.
-Thanks.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
Kim, here.
Great.
Yeah, I'll be there as soon
as I drop the FBI agents at LAX.
Everything all right?
Double murder at a Hollywood bungalow.
A celebrity.
A young movie star, Natalie Ryan, and
her fianc apparently shot to death.
It's going to be a major pain in the ass.
Hey, you guys care to take a quick look
before I drive you to the airport?
-It's on the way.
-Absolutely.
No sign of forced entry.
Same weapon.
The girl was shot execution style,
once in the head.
The male three times in the torso.
So, you have two different MOs.
We have an image on
the video surveillance camera.
Looks like a messenger of some kind
wearing a motorcycle helmet.
He's unidentifiable.
There's no sign of a struggle
between the girl and the UnSub
from the door to the couch.
He most likely forced her at gunpoint.
He told her to trust him,
"Do what I say. I won't hurt you."
Mmm-hmm.
He asked her to sit on the couch
and then shot her in the head.
Fianc wasn't expected.
His killing's messier.
It's less controlled. It's less organized.
What do you think?
I've had a couple other cases recently,
past few months.
Same type of weapon, 22 caliber handgun,
both shot in the head.
The first was an established
film producer, Wally Melman,
and the second was Chloe Harris,
another young actress.
Though not as well-known as Natalie here.
Any forensic evidence?
No, and the guys have been going
through this place all morning
and haven't come up with anything.
So, he clearly knows
how to cover his tracks.
-Like a professional hit man?
-Maybe.
Gideon, there are people
actually taking photographs of us
from the next yard.
Yeah, welcome to LA.
Twenty-two's are small,
but efficient.
They bounce around inside a person
like a pinball.
Preferred weapon of the Mafia.
You know, there's no obvious
sexual component to these crimes,
which is usually the case
with serial murders.
So, you are thinking
this is a serial killer?
Well, it's certainly a series of murders.
We don't know enough yet
to call them serial.
Would you consider hanging out in LA
a little while?
Let me lean on your expertise
until we do figure out what we've got?
Yeah, just cancel the flights.
We'll have the rest of our team
out here ASAP.
First two victims,
Wally Melman, Chloe Harris.
Both killed in public places.
Chloe was killed while walking her dog
on the beach in Santa Monica,
which she did every morning,
and Wally was killed
outside of a massage parlor.
In Culver City.
-Which he went to every Tuesday.
Well, if he knows their schedules,
maybe that means
he follows his victims for a while.
And not a single witness.
So we know this UnSub can blend in.
Regardless of the location,
he has the ability to hide in plain sight.
He's meticulous.
The media's calling Natalie Ryan's murder
the biggest celebrity homicide
since Sharon Tate.
-What does that mean for us?
-That everybody will be watching.
This guy is an assassin?
When you look at the victimology,
there's no obvious links.
All the kills are clean,
except in the instance
of the last victim, Jeremy Collins.
There's absolutely no evidence left
at the crime scene.
There's no DNA.
No manifestation of psychosexual release
and there's no detectable signature
of any kind.
Remember, our profiles are formulated
not just by what's present at the scene,
but also what's absent.
From all the evidence that we've gathered,
we believe that you're looking for
a Type Four Assassin.
Type One's are political assassins
like John Wilkes Booth.
Type Two's are egocentrics
looking for simple recognition.
Type Three's are psychopaths,
cold-blooded killers
who leave far messrer scenes
and Type Four, our UnSub,
suffers from a major mental disorder
and is frequently delusional.
_The closer we come _
to figuring out that delu5ion,
the closer we'll get to finding the UnSub.
Well, what's he going to be doing
until we do?
Finding other victims.
Excuse me? Hi.
-Is there a Detective Kim here?
-Right here.
You're heading the investigation
into the Natalie Ryan murder?
Yes.
Um... My... I have a client, she's...
Is there any place we could be private?
We're all working this murder.
Well...
She received a note.
My client did and she freaked out.
-I told her not to worry about it, and...
-Where's the note?
Where is your client?
-She's waiting in the other room.
Reid, let's go.
Lila.
Hi.
How well did you know Natalie Ryan?
We spoke when we saw each other
in public, but we were never friends.
-How about Wally Melman
Wally Melman, he was a producer
who was killed a couple months ago.
The paper said that was a robbery.
-Well, the paper was wrong.
-Did you know him?
Well, we met a few times about
a project, but I didn't get the part.
-They went a different way.
-Which way?
He cast another act...
-Oh, my God.
-What is it?
He cast Natalie Ryan.
"You owe me."
I guess that's one way
to ice out the competition?
Don‘t look at me_. _
I brought her in to the police station.
Have you ever had a sense
that someone is watching you,
following you?
From the moment I get to work,
I have hair and makeup,
and wardrobe people, producers,
writers, my agent, my manager, publicist.
-Not to mention photographers. I...
-It's part of the life.
Anything that seems odd,
out of the ordinary,
happens on a regular basis
or a semi-regular basis?
-What do you mean
-Gifts left anonymously?
-I receive flowers.
On the seventh of each month
they just appear in my trailer.
Never a note. Just a plain glass bowl.
Red anemones. My favorite.
And you don't want to know
who they're from?
Celebrities get anonymous gifts
all the time.
She has fans, you know.
You remember meeting anyone
on the seventh day of the month?
Or in July, the seventh month of the year?
-No.
-Wally Melman was a producer
who considered hiring you,
but didn't and Natalie was a rival.
And Chloe Harris, she looks
a lot like you. Don't you think?
A potential rival.
She was murdered, too.
So, all these people are being killed
because of me?
It's possible.
I'm sorry. I can't. I have to go.
Lila.
Lila. Lila.
What's happening, Spencer?
Well, it's still rather speculative, but
it appears there's a delusional assassin
who's killing people
to help further your career.
It probably started as a stalker.
An erotomanic stalker.
There's a psychopathology of the
evolution of these types of stalkers
and the fact that he's contacting you
indicates that he believes
you owe him something.
This model frequently concludes itself
with one of two possibilities,
either the stalker will kill himself
or he'll kill the object of his affection.
With this UnSub
we're looking at a compound profile.
A Type Four delusional assassin
with an erotomanic fixation
on the actress, Lila Archer.
Erotomanics are a form of stalker
who possess the delusional belief
that another person,
usually of a higher social status,
is in love with them.
In the United States,
at any given time,
there are over 200,0000 people
being stalked.
Our UnSub is having
a fantasy love affair with Lila Archer.
The way John Hinckley did
with Jodie Foster.
Miss Archer was_not aware
of her stalker until yesterday.
He wasn't trying to impress her.
He was more like an unwanted,
very violent guardian angel.
When the stalker feels
as if they've been in some way
betrayed by their love object,
_ this often leads to
Violence against the target.
In the case of John Robert Bardo,
when actress Rebecca Schaeffer took a role
where she had to have a sexual
relationship with another character,
it was enough to force him to snap
and seek her out to kill her.
Though stalkers can be
either male or female,
it's most likely
we're looking for a single male.
A loner in his late 205 to early 40$,
very intelligent with ample time to
follow his victim and study her habits.
As of yet, the UnSub has not directed
any violence towards Miss Archer,
but he has shifted his focus
from those around her to her directly.
This doesn't preclude the fact that anyone
who has the vaguest association
with Miss Archer is a potential target.
We're ready to roll...
-I love you. You're my favorite client.
-No.
-I haven't asked you anything yet.
-I'm not stopping my life.
-You could stay with me.
-No.
_ A hotel?
Just until the police say you're safe.
-Michael.
-You know I worry.
-Goodbye, Michael.
-Okay. Call me, lots. Kisses.
Hello, goodbye. I'm leaving.
Hey, Mags.
He's an odd guy.
Yeah, but who isn't a little odd out here?
Well, that's for sure.
Look, we're ready to rehearse scene 43
and this was taped to your trailer door.
Thanks, hon.
I'm intrigued by this particular
version of the verb, "to be."
-Past participle.
-Steady state of being.
-Preceding adverb.
-"Always."
-In English?
-That is English, actually.
-We're discussing the verb tenses of...
-Reid. Reid.
Our stalker sounds like someone she knows.
Based on the tense of the verb.
Maybe it's time to get her off the street.
You know, there's been
no physical threat to her.
She might be safe just staying put
as opposed to anywhere else.
I'm standing right here, guys.
If we did remove you, we'd have to
take you to a non-disclosed location.
I'm sure your stalker knows
where you live.
I'm not having the whole show close down.
I only have one more scene to shoot.
Look, last night I decided I wasn't
going to be afraid of this lunatic.
Am I safe here?
Well, the set's cleared of everyone
except essential personnel
and we have increased security
at the gate.
-Lila, they're ready for you.
-I'm staying at work, gentlemen.
-Well, she's one tough girl.
-Yeah.
I didn't want to say anything
in front of her,
but his anger
about her going to the police
suggests he might alter his agenda.
That's typical for a stalker.
You know,
she didn't go alone to the police.
Her manager took her.
You and Reid stay here.
Keep an eye on her.
I'll hang back, too.
-Where are you going?
-To talk to her manager.
Sorry if I was insensitive last night.
-You were only doing your job, right?
-Yeah.
Then there's no need to apologize.
You don't mind sharing with me, do you?
No.
-Shut up.
-Go get 'em, lover.
Hello
Michael?
Up until now every victim was a person
who could be perceived
as a threat to Miss Archer.
-Yeah, but Michael was a friend.
-He was a threat to the stalker.
Get Lila to a safe house.
She's still on set working.
Did you meet up with her manager?
Reid, take her home.
Have her pack some things.
-What's going on?
-We were too late.
-She's going to be devastated.-I know.
JJ's keeping it out of the press for now.
Let's not tell her yet.
-Not tell her?-No, not yet.
We need her to cooperate with us,
in order to protect her.
I'll talk to you later.
We're going to take her off the street?
We're going to completely deny him access.
Won't even give him a glimpse of her.
Well, hopefully that'll bring him out
of the woodwork.
Hopefully.
Unit available for...
-Let's go.
-All right.
Yeah. No, we're pulling up right now.
Uh-huh. There's a marked car out front.
Yeah.
Got it. I'll check it out.
Is everything okay?
I just need to run through some
security measures with you.
All right.
Gideon, you better take a look at these.
-Morgan, it's Elle.
-Yeah?
We just found a manila envelope
on Michael Ryer's desk.
-It's full of photos.-Okay.
Well, they're candid shots
of Lila Archer nude.
I'm guessing
he was probably paying someone off
to keep them out of the press.
Do we know who?
The name on the envelope was Joe Martinez.
Paparazzo?
-You know him?
-Yeah, I deal with him a lot.
Elle, we're on it.
-Wow. I like your house.
-I rent it.
Nice. You should also probably change
all your phone numbers.
I'm unlisted.
Anytime you call an 800 number
or an 888 number
your phone number's put into a data
bank that's then sold to telemarketers.
If someone gets your cell phone number,
they can go online
and research all your records.
Hanging out with you
could be really depressing.
You should also probably carry
a piece of paper and a pen with you
where ever you go
in case you see any suspicious
license plates that often reappear.
Photographic collage.
I like it because it's like life,
you know?
You know, like obscure, difficult.
You should also get a dog.
Like a guard dog of some sort.
Allergic. Earl Grey or chamomile?
-What -Well, do you want some tea?
Yes, yes, sure.
FBI!
Martinez?
It's clear.
See? This guy's a real scumbag.
You got that right.
-What's this?
-It's a call sheet.
It's the shooting schedule
for a film or television show.
-That's Lila's show.
-Yeah.
-He's not supposed to have that, is he?
-No.
-Hey. Look at that.
-That's Reid.
There's a whole bunch of them.
He a target now?
Not ifI can help it. Let's go.
Reid, it's Morgan. Listen to me.
You got to watch your back over there.
We just found a bunch
of close-up photos of you
at this guy Joseph Martinez's studio.
It looks like he could be the UnSub.
He had a ton of photos of Lila and Natalie
plus a call sheet for Lila's show.
We're on our way right now,
but I need you to be real careful
until we get there, all right?
All right.
-You hit -Yeah. It's just my shoulder.
All right. I'm calling for help.
Officer down. We need an ambulance
at La Brea and Wilshire.
-How we doing?
-He'll make it.
Caught one in the shoulder
and shattered his collarbone.
-You okay?
-I'm fine.
No sign of this Martinez,
the photographer?
No.
Whoever took a shot at you
followed you from the set.
Martinez has a bunch of paperwork
in the studio
that says where Lila's
going to be every day.
Gideon.
That's what I thought. Thanks.
Garcia's gone through every article
written about Lila.
She never says anything about red anemones
being her favorite flower.
Well, we're looking for someone
pretty close to her.
-This list gets shorter every day.
-He's circling in.
We need to get to her house.
I'll make sure the press
doesn't get out of hand with this mess.
Feel anything yet?
There is something definitely appealing
about this one.
That's a start.
-What are you doing?
-Going for a swim.
What? No, Lila.
Whoo! Ah...
-Lila, you cannot do this.
-Five minutes.
-Go get a suit in the house.
-What? No, I'm not going to grab a suit.
-Are you kidding me? No.
-Don't... Join me.
-No, I'm not going to join you.
-Why not?
You're being pursued by a psychotic
killer who shoots people in the head.
I am not going to stop living my life.
I'm just not.
Lila, I'm begging of you.
Will you please get out of the pool?
Really, Spencer, you should live a little.
Live a little? I've known you 48 hours,
I feel like I've already aged 10 years.
-I can't be that bad.
-Yes. No, you are that bad.
Fine, can you help me out at least?
Yes, very funny. Laugh it up, Lila.
Hilarious. My gun's wet.
That's just great.
-My clothes.
-You should have worn the suit.
-This is completely inappropriate.
-This?
-What's this?
-This isn't...
No, there's this thing
called transference.
-You don't like me.
-What?
-No, are you... Yeah, I do.
-Because I like you.
-I like you, too.
It's just I'm a federal agent.
You know? And I'm supposed to protect you.
Then keep me close.
I'm just... I'm a little bit worried,
you know? We're in a pool.
And it's... We're pretty much exposed.
We have cops.
We have cops posted out front.
There are coyotes out back.
And then you have just you and me.
I...
Stop. I'm sorry.
-I have to tell you something.
-What?
I didn't want to tell you this before
because I was a little bit worried...
I didn't know how to say it,
but I can't not tell you.
-What is it?
-Your manager, Michael.
What?
Gideon went to check on him,
but he got there too late.
Lila.
How could you...
-How could you not tell me?
-I was afraid you'd be upset.
You knew what you knew, and...
-How could you not...
-I'm so sorry.
Don't! Don't touch me! Don't touch me!
Give me a reason.
-Well, we found him in the bushes.
-I told her she should cut those.
I fell in.
Yeah and I'm sure
there's plenty of photos of it.
Stop shoving me, man.
You're a suspect in the murder
of Wally Melman, Natalie Ryan,
and Jeremy Collins.
-Murder Whoa! Whoa, whoa.
-Just shut up with the "whoa".
We know for a fact
that you have hundreds of photographs
of Lila Archer and Natalie Ryan
on the walls of your studio.
You have Miss Archer's daily schedule
on your desk.
-You've been stalking her.
-Look, guy, look, hold up.
Every paparazzi's a celebrity stalker.
If you don't stalk them,
you don't get the shot,
and if you don't make the shot,
you don't sell no pictures.
-Well, this one is going to cost you.
-Well, no! That's just wrong.
Tell it to your lavwer.
-I'm still being locked up?
-That's right.
At the very least you're trespassing.
Let's go.
You're welcome.
Lila?
Are you still...
Are you okay?
Michael was like family.
I'm so sorry.
It's just so hard
to trust people out here.
You don't know who to believe.
Everybody wants something from you.
That's why I thought you were different.
-I know I should have told you.
-I told him not to.
He was only following my orders.
You know the last time I was able to fully
trust someone was at Juilliard?
Before I was a somebody.
Juilliard?
And didn't you say
you used to live on Houston Street?
What?
You were a waitress, you lived on Houston?
Yeah.
-I need to take this thing apart.
-What?
I'll put it back.
I think I see images of you.
Guys!
Lila, it looks like
someone's been stalking you for years.
Yeah, this tells your whole life story.
-Movie premieres, theater playbills.
-Everything since college.
That's our country house. Right here.
-Who gave you this collage?
-He did.
This guy
That's the guy I went
to high school with, Parker Dunley.
Garcia. Parker Dunley.
E-mail me a sheet on him, all right?
Oh.
-Look who's here.
-Where's Parker?
I don't even get a hello?
Where is he?
I guess it follows
since I never got a goodbye.
Parker!
-Friend of yours?
-No.
How can I help...
Hey, Spencer's friend, right?
Yes.
-Did you give Lila Archer a collage
There's a photographic collage
above Lila Archer's sofa.
-She says you gave it to her.
-So?
So it has your face hidden all over it.
I didn't make the damned thing.
So you just happened
to give her a work of art
contains most of her life in it?
I... No, no.
If there's something you aren't saying,
now would be a real good time to say it.
All right.
-All right, I lied.
-What about?
I just wanted her to like me.
I met her here. She was a fan of art.
I figured if there was hip,
young stars coming into the gallery,
it would help business.
What was the lie?
Someone gave me the piece to give to her,
but I told her it was from me.
I said I found it
and I thought she'd love it.
-And who gave it to you?
-Her name's Maggie Lowe.
She... She works on Lila's show.
She said she went to college with Lila.
She's like a PA or AD or some acronym.
She wanted me to make sure
Lila got the collage,
but she didn't want Lila to know
that she gave it to her.
She said to say
that it was from a secret admirer,
but I told her it was from me, so...
We have a name. Maggie Lowe.
She's the UnSub. She's on Lila's show.
We're on our way.
Lila, do you know someone
named Maggie Lowe?
Mags? Yeah, of course I know her.
I've known her for years.
I got her a job on my show.
What?
That's her calling right now.
-Is she calling from a cell phone?
-Yeah.
-Lila, we think Maggie's the UnSub.
-The what?
-The stalker.
-No way.
-Answer the phone.
-That's crazy.
Answer the phone. Act completely natural.
The longer we keep her on the line,
the more likely
we'll be able to trace the call.
Trust me.
Hello?
Hello, Maggie
What's wrong?
Oracle of Quantico,
speak if you deign to hear truth.
Garcia, I need an emergency trace
on a cell phone call
to Lila Archer's cell phone.
Sure. Go ahead.
555-0129.
Okay. Keep her talking. Keep her talking.
Maggie?
I am so tired, Lila.
Ti red?-Yeah.
There's been so much upset
in the world really.
I think it's just so tragic.
All of it.
I miss you. Ijust do.
Mags, I saw you today.
It's never going to be the same as it was.
It's just never going to be the same.
I'm talking about that time in college!
When the heat in your apartment was off
and the two of us stayed in my dorm room.
Don't you remember?
You were playing Ophelia on the mainstage.
-I remember.
-That was the happiest time of my life.
Maggie, sweetheart,
that was only for a weekend.
The happiest time.
And you don't know
anything about me at all.
And I did everything for you.
Reid, is Lila's address 6028 Pike Street?
Yeah.
She's calling from inside the house.
I'll give you some backup.
Lila.
MAGGIE: You! You! You!
-How'd she get in the house?
-She has keys.
Why'd you have to bring these people here?
-Put down the gun.
-Maggie.
Don't call me Maggie! You don't know me!
Come on, Lila, let's go.
We got to go, baby. Come on.
Maggie, don't hurt her.
-You don't need to hurt her.
-You don't know anything.
I would never do anything to hurt you.
No, I created you.
No, you didn't!
Yes, I did.
I know I did!
God!
You stupid, ungrateful...
God, I can't believe that I loved you.
Maggie, she... She loves me now.
What?
She told me so.
We were in the pool. She kissed me.
-Now she loves me. Okay?
-No.
-Tell her we kissed in the pool.
-No!
-Yes, we kissed.
-See?
-Don't move!
-Please!
-Please! Kill me.
-It's okay. It's over.
Come on, shoot me! Please!
I'd be so much happier, please! Please!
Come on.
We're going to get you help.
It's going to be all right.
You heard the lady.
Back up! Let's go!
Darling, E Scape wants to do
a segment on you this evening
on the stalking event. I told them yes.
-Why'd you do that?
-It's okay. It's going to be fine.
Their hair and makeup people
are coming in 10 minutes.
There's also talk about 60 Minutes.
This kind of publicity
makes me really uncomfortable.
Don't be ridiculous!
We're talking about performing
a public service. All right?
Stalking is a major problem
in this country. It's good. It's good.
I got to take this.
Looks like you're going to be pretty busy.
I wish things had been,
you know, more normal when we had met.
Lila, believe me when I say this,
I have never known a normal day
in my entire life.
Hey, Reid. Come on, we got to move.
Got you.
Well, if I'm ever in Washington
and I were to give you a call,
would that be okay?
Yeah, I'd like that a lot.
-I don't want to intrude, but...
-No, not at all.
Reid, sorry. We're waiting.
I'm on it.
Lila, we got to go.
And, you know, I don't know
when you're going to be back here.
_You know next_time
you're in Los Angeles if you'll be...
If you'll have the time...
Lila, we've got to go.
Can you look this way?
This way.
Bernard Shaw once said,
"An American has no sense of privacy.
"He does not know what it means.
There is no such thing in the country."
-Night, Hollywood.
-Come on, man.
You know, Reid,
you're lucky they didn't get a shot of you
next to the pool trying to dry your gun.
You looked like a wet rat.
Hey, I was playing.
Did you know that she... We...
I kissed her in the pool?
It's _so weird. It doesn't even feel like
it really happened, you know?
Well, sure,
she's a beautiful young actress.
Yeah. Yeah, you know,
I kept explaining to her
about transference and the fact that,
you know, she probably only liked me
because I was there to protect her...
Reid. You were her hero.
I wanted to think that.
No, no, no,
don't go selling yourself short, kid.
You took down an armed subject
without firing a shot.
You saved her life.
It's pretty much a hero in my book.
Let me ask you this, have you ever
crossed professional boundaries
with a victim of a case
you were working on?
-No.
-It's pretty bad, right?
There's some things you can't control
even with that big old brain of yours.
No harm, no foul.
-Let it go.
-Hey, Morgan.
Has there ever been a girl
that you wanted to be with for
more than, you know, just one night?
Excuse me?
I've never seen you
with the same girl twice.
-What, are you calling me a dog?
-No, no, no, not at all.
I'm just trying to figure out if this
feeling I have is ever going to go away?
Reid, what we do for a living,
it takes up all our time,
and a relationship's hard enough
even in the same city.
So, I mean,
you're saying it's probably wise
that I don't call her, right?
I can't answer that one for you.
Here, I'll tell you what I do know.
You don't need to come up
with that answer tonight.
I'm out.
-Have a good weekend.
-Yeah, you too, Romeo.